[For the original copy, see https://www.databricks.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy-open-model]

Databricks Open Model Acceptable Use Policy
You agree not to use DBRX or DBRX Derivatives:

1. In any way that violates any applicable national, federal, state, local, international or any other law or regulation;
2. For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way;
3. To generate and/or disseminate malware (including - but not limited to - ransomware) or any other content to be used for the purpose of harming electronic systems;
4. To generate or disseminate verifiably false information and/or content with the purpose of harming others or influencing elections;
5. To generate or disseminate personal identifiable information with the purpose of harming others;
6. To generate or disseminate information (including - but not limited to - images, code, posts, articles), and place the information in any public context (including - but not limited to - bot generating tweets) without expressly and intelligibly disclaiming that the information and/or content is machine generated;
7. To intentionally defame, disparage or otherwise harass others;
8. To impersonate or attempt to impersonate human beings for purposes of deception;
9. For fully automated decision making that adversely impacts an individual’s legal rights or otherwise creates or modifies a binding, enforceable obligation without expressly and intelligibly disclaiming that the creation or modification of the obligation is machine generated;
10. For any use intended to discriminate against or harm individuals or groups based on online or offline social behavior or known or predicted personal or personality characteristics;
11. To intentionally exploit any of the vulnerabilities of a specific group of persons based on their age, social, physical or mental characteristics, in order to materially distort the behavior of a person pertaining to that group in a manner that causes or is likely to cause that person or another person physical or psychological harm;
12. For any use intended to discriminate against individuals or groups based on legally protected characteristics or categories;
13. To provide medical advice or medical results interpretation that is intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment; and
14. For fully automated decision making in administration of justice, law enforcement, immigration or asylum processes.
This Databricks Open Model Acceptable Use Policy may be updated from time to time by updating this page.
Last Modified: March 27, 2024
