SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, THE CUSTOMER/PURCHASER, AND DIGILENT, INC.


PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY.  IT IS AN AGREEMENT.  UPON INSTALLATION AND USE
YOU ARE AGREEING WITH DIGILENT, INC. TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1.	This software license agreement is a legal contract and agreement
	between YOU as an individual, regardless of your status with any
	educational or business entity, and the Washington Corporation known
	as Digilent, Inc. TM.  If you are acting on behalf of an organized
	educational entity, this software license agreement is also a legal
	contract and agreement between that educational entity and Digilent, Inc..

2.	Digilent, Inc. maintains all its rights under all applicable laws,
	including but not limited to pertinent intellectual property laws.
	When you install the software, whether from the internet or from a
	portable source such as a disk or CD Rom, or any other method, you
	accept and agree to all the terms of this license.

3.	This license constitutes the entire agreement regarding the software.
	The agreement is between YOU, the educational entity if applicable, and
	Digilent, Inc..  If this software is an upgrade, or if you have
	received a license from Digilent, Inc. for some other reason or in some
	other method for the same software, this license supersedes any and all
	other licenses.

4.	The laws of Washington State shall govern this agreement and license.
	If any portion is found invalid, then the remaining portions shall be
	held to be valid and remain fully enforceable.

5.	GRANT OF LICENSE:  This license permits you (the Licensee) to use one
	(1) copy of the software solely for your own, internal, personal
	(including educational), non-commercial operations and use.  This
	License conveys to you a non-exclusive and limited right of use ONLY.
	It is revocable in accordance with the terms and conditions.  You MAY
	make copies of the software and its documentation, provided that the
	copies are for you and your personal, non-commercial use.  NOTHING in
	this license allows for the copying, republishing or distribution to
	anyone other than you, the Licensee, either for commercial or
	non-commercial use.  A purchase of a single piece of hardware from
	Digilent, Inc. constitutes the right to use a single version of this
	software.

6.	By accepting this license, you agree that you may not, and will not,
	sublicense, assign, transfer, pledge, lease, rent, share, or provide
	for commercial use in any way YOUR rights licensed to you by Digilent,
	Inc. under this License.  If you wish to execute such rights in any
	way, contact Digilent, Inc. to seek written approval prior to any such
	transaction.  Digilent, Inc. maintains its rights to deny any such
	execution of rights.  No portions of the Digilent, Inc. licensed
	software may be distributed, redistributed, and/or exchanged in any of
	the above mentioned ways, without prior written agreement from and with
	Digilent, Inc.

7.	By accepting this license, you agree that you will not modify, adapt,
	decompile, reverse engineer, translate, or otherwise attempt to
	discover the source code for the Software.  Digilent, Inc. maintains
	all its rights under the intellectual property laws of the United
	States and any international rights it also maintains, including but
	not limited to copyrights, trademarks, and patents.  As the Licensee, 
	you agree to take all reasonable steps to safeguard and protect this
	license and the software it grants your use of.

8.	END USER APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT: Digilent Inc. grants licensee the
	permission to use the Software, for development of custom programs by
	the licensee, for NON-COMMERCIAL use, and for use only with Digilent
	Inc. hardware.  Digilent Software includes, but is not limited to, all
	Dynamic Link Libraries (DLLs), Shared Libraries, documentation, header
	files, and Applications Programming Interfaces (APIs).  Any
	unauthorized use of Software is a breach of this license and agreement.

9.	In the event you fail to comply with any terms and/or conditions of
	this license, or any breach occurs, this license will terminate
	immediately and automatically.  Digilent, Inc. shall be entitled to any
	and all remedies in accordance with the laws of Washington State, the
	United States of America, and any other applicable law.

10.	NO WARRANTIES:  Digilent, Inc. does not offer nor provide ANY
	warranties of any kind on this software or in this license.  In no
	event shall Digilent, Inc. be liable for any damages to you or any
	other party whether arising out of contract or tort, from the
	installation, use, or operation of the software.  Such damages include,
	but are not limited to: loss of data, loss of profits, loss of
	business, harm to "good name" or reputation, or any special, incidental,
	exemplary or consequential damages.  Digilent, Inc. may NOT be held
	liable for any damages, EVEN IF Digilent, Inc. has been advised or put
	on notice of the possibility of such loss or damages.  This section
	survives any termination of the license for any reason, whether by you
	or by Digilent, Inc.

CONTACT INFORMATION:  should you wish to contact Digilent, Inc. for any reason:

Digilent, Inc.
1300 NE Henley Ct. 
Suite 3
Pullman, Washington
99163

E-MAIL:  support@digilentinc.com
