[For the original copy, see https://ai.google.dev/gemma/prohibited_use_policy]

Gemma Prohibited Use Policy 

Google reserves the right to update this Gemma Prohibited Use Policy from time to time.

Last modified: February 21, 2024

You may not use nor allow others to use Gemma or Model Derivatives to:

1. Generate any content, including the outputs or results generated by Gemma or Model Derivatives, that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any individual's or entity's rights (including, but not limited to rights in copyrighted content).
2. Perform or facilitate dangerous, illegal, or malicious activities, including:
	a. Facilitation or promotion of illegal activities or violations of law, such as:
		i. Promoting or generating content related to child sexual abuse or exploitation;
		ii. Promoting or facilitating sale of, or providing instructions for synthesizing or accessing, illegal substances, goods, or services;
		iii. Facilitating or encouraging users to commit any type of crimes; or
		iv. Promoting or generating violent extremism or terrorist content.
	b. Engagement in the illegal or unlicensed practice of any vocation or profession including, but not limited to, legal, medical, accounting, or financial professional practices.
	c. Abuse, harm, interference, or disruption of services (or enable others to do the same), such as:
		i. Promoting or facilitating the generation or distribution of spam; or
		ii.  Generating content for deceptive or fraudulent activities, scams, phishing, or malware.
	d. Attempts to override or circumvent safety filters or intentionally drive Gemma or Model Derivatives to act in a manner that contravenes this Gemma Prohibited Use Policy.
	e. Generation of content that may harm or promote the harm of individuals or a group, such as:
		i. Generating content that promotes or encourages hatred;
		ii.  Facilitating methods of harassment or bullying to intimidate, abuse, or insult others;
		iii.  Generating content that facilitates, promotes, or incites violence;
		iv. Generating content that facilitates, promotes, or encourages self harm;
		v. Generating personally identifying information for distribution or other harms;
		vi. Tracking or monitoring people without their consent;
		vii. Generating content that may have unfair or adverse impacts on people, particularly impacts related to sensitive or protected characteristics; or
		viii. Generating, gathering, processing, or inferring sensitive personal or private information about individuals without obtaining all rights, authorizations, and consents required by applicable laws.
3. Generate and distribute content intended to misinform, misrepresent or mislead, including:
	a. Misrepresentation of the provenance of generated content by claiming content was created by a human, or represent generated content as original works, in order to deceive;
	b. Generation of content that impersonates an individual (living or dead) without explicit disclosure, in order to deceive;
	c. Misleading claims of expertise or capability made particularly in sensitive areas (e.g. health, finance, government services, or legal);
	d. Making automated decisions in domains that affect material or individual rights or well-being (e.g., finance, legal, employment, healthcare, housing, insurance, and social welfare);
	e. Generation of defamatory content, including defamatory statements, images, or audio content; or
	f. Engaging in the unauthorized or unlicensed practice of any profession including, but not limited to, financial, legal, medical/health, or related professional practices.
4. Generate sexually explicit content, including content created for the purposes of pornography or sexual gratification (e.g. sexual chatbots). Note that this does not include content created for scientific, educational, documentary, or artistic purposes.
