[For the original copy, see https://x.ai/legal/acceptable-use-policy]

xAI Acceptable Use Policy

Effective: January 2, 2025

xAI’s Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) applies to anyone using our Service, including consumers, developers and businesses. We aim to maximize your control over how you use our Service while also ensuring that you do so in a way that is compliant with the law, responsible and safe for humanity. Our policies will evolve over time as our Service and user base change, as well as based on what we learn over time.

By using our Service, you agree to comply with our policies. Violating our policies could result in action against your account, up to suspension or termination. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein are defined in the Terms of Service – Consumer <https://x.ai/legal/terms-of-service> or Terms of Service – Enterprise <https://x.ai/legal/terms-of-service-enterprise>.

You are free to use our Service as you see fit so long as you use it to be a good human, act safely and responsibly, comply with the law, do not harm people, and respect our guardrails:

1.  Comply with the law. For example, don’t use our Service or Outputs to promote or engage in illegal activities, including:

1.1.  Violating copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property law
1.2.  Violating a person’s privacy or their right to publicity
1.3.  Depicting likenesses of persons in a pornographic manner
1.4.  The sexualization or exploitation of children
1.5.  Operating in a regulated industry or region without complying with those regulations
1.6.  Defrauding, defaming, scamming, or spamming
1.7.  Espionage, spying, stalking, hacking, doxing, or phishing

2.  Do not harm people or property. This prohibition includes things like using our Service or Outputs to:

2.1.  Critically harm or promoting critically harming human life (yours or anyone else’s)
2.2.  Take unauthorized actions on behalf of others
2.3.  Develop bioweapons, chemical weapons, or weapons of mass destruction
2.4.  Destroy property
3.  Respect guardrails and don’t mislead. Don’t circumvent safeguards unless you are part of an official Red Team or otherwise have our official blessing. Don’t mislead people as to the nature and source of Outputs, including images. You should be transparent and disclose your use of AI assistance and potential limitations, as applicable.

We report suspected child sexual abuse material to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.

You can report violative content to xAI directly from Grok by clicking/tapping the three dots and choosing "Report Issue". Alternatively, you can email xAI directly at support@x.ai.
